# See-Wave
The name of my project is called See-Wave. See-Wave was built with P5.js. It takes sound from microphone as an input and uses FFT (Fast Fourier Transformation) to filter the sound input. We always use computers to extract, transform, load, as well as analyze data. We tend to forget that mouse and keyboard are not the only intermediates that connect us to the computer’s brain. They way microphone takes in our sound is very similar to how we have conversations with people, instead, we are talking to the computer. The code reacts to the sound around the microphone, and simultaneously filter and plot the sound wave on to the screen. The pitch of the sound, and the volume of the sound both take effect on the shape of the sound wave.
However, talking to the microphone is not the only way to connect with computers via sound; We can also touch the microphone. By looking at the sound wave while touching the microphone, we get a sense of how ‘pleased’ the computer is. The faster we rub the microphone, the more disperse the wave is ---- faster motion creates louder, or in other word, noisier sound. The code dose not store any sound data from the microphone, everything presented corresponds to real-time data. It reminds us how living for the moment is important. People nowadays spend too much time looking at historical data, which creates a sense of living in the past. I’d like to have people to capture the pleasure they experience at this very moment by interacting with See-Wave. 
